Adopt TypeScript for core package (#1877)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/devGuide/workflow.md

  </modal>

> #### Editing backend features

Reviewer: let's update the release guide as well with the relevant additional steps

Author: As far as I remember, we don't need to do any additional things for release.

I have set core's npm lifecycle script `prepare` which will run as part of [`npm publish`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/using-npm/scripts#npm-publish) (which is actually invoked by [`lerna publish`](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/tree/main/commands/publish#lifecycle-scripts)) to build the TypeScript files. This means that as we do `lerna publish`, it will build the files beforehand for the package before it is packed and published.

> Some of our backend code files in `packages/core` are written in TypeScript, and you will need to compile those into JavaScript for local execution with `packages/cli`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of our backend code files in `packages/core` are written in TypeScript, and you will need to compile those into JavaScript for local execution with our command-line module `packages/cli`.
```

You can run `npm run build:backend` in the root directory to compile the files, but in some cases, it might be tedious to manually execute the command many times. We recommend you to either:

1. Run `npm run dev` in the root directory. (_Recommended for TypeScript migration_)

>    This command starts the compiler's file watcher which will detect file changes and rebuild all of the files if there are changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This command starts the compiler's file watcher which will rebuild the relavant files when file changes are detected.
```

1. Configure your IDE to perform automatic compilation on file change/save. (_Recommended for general development_)

   Refer to your IDE's guides to set this up. For instance, here are the guides for [WebStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/compiling-typescript-to-javascript.html#ts_compiler_compile_code_automatically) and [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/typescript/typescript-compiling#_step-2-run-the-typescript-build).
   

>    Note the TypeScript configuration used for development (`tsconfig_dev.json`) is different than the one for production (`tsconfig.json`), so you might need to modify the IDE's `tsc` command to include the option `-p tsconfig_dev.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Note that the TypeScript configuration used for development (`tsconfig_dev.json`) is different than the one for production (`tsconfig.json`), so you might need to modify your IDE's `tsc` command to include the option `-p tsconfig_dev.json`.
```
